ladies and gentlemen Chris waters here
at PAX East with a game that you're all
looking forward to it's runner 2 it
represents coming out of gaijin games
and joining me is my Crouch the
co-founder of gaijin games Mike happy
pax happy pax to you as well we're
really excited to get a look at runner 2
I'm going to jump into a level real
quick what pass the mic to you so you
can give folks a little background on
Runner and how this grew out of the
bit.trip series all right excellent so
this isn't actually a bit trip game this
is bit.trip presents runner 2 and
basically it's better video in a
different world than he's been in before
and we're going to explain that in the
story a bit the games has the same basic
moves but we've added a couple of new
moves we have a dance move in here and
in the later levels there's a slide kick
and we've got a lot more in store for
even the later levels such as rail
sliding we have loop-de-loops in the
game which are really a lot of fun and
there's sort of like a timed mini game
in there and it's right trigger so you
go into a fixed dance and you'll get
points for it but because it's fixed if
you do it in front of an obstacle you'll
bunk and die and reset so we're trying
to add more up sort of like this there
it goes did you from oh and also this is
probably the thing that we've been asked
about most are the requests the feature
request is the checkpoint and we added
the checkpoint much to our sugar in but
you'll notice if you jump over the
checkpoint you get a better reward than
going through the checkpoint so
hopefully you'll get a chance to jump
over the checkpoint
we're going to add big dynamic scenes
and happiness and at the end of the
level if you get up perfect it goes into
another minigame which is basically you
fired out of a Canon and to a target so
there should be a lot of little elements
of fun and randomness in there now
anyone who's familiar with the bit.trip
series knows that this doesn't look like
a bit trip game talk to us about the
visual aesthetic and what you guys are
where you guys went with this so it's
twofold
one the original bit trips series we
said we were only going to do six and
we're going to stick to that
however runner was one of our favorite
in the studio and it's a personal
favorite of mine and I wanted to explore
it more and so it will tie into the
bit.trip story but it's sort of like an
offshoot obviously the art style is
completely different
so it's kind of commander video in this
the story will kind of explain this a
bit but it's he basically gets shot with
a reality on fusion beam which basically
puts them on a drug trip but don't quote
me on that but it's sort of you just
said it into a microphone but you could
equate it to a drug trip but it is a
reality on fusion dream and so now he's
sort of like in this weird world having
a having a weird experience so
and kindly pipe-smoking hills
overlooking his antics yes so so there
you it's been working out too good last
time so yeah there's five levels each
level is completely different art style
which is going to be nice for packs we
only have this one level
oh there's my rainbow
so yeah all right we get the Ennis level
here and then
all right I'm gonna take this mic back
cross you can show us something a little
bit more advanced here in the future
future legend of rhythm alien and that's
our Jap Japanese titles for the original
bit.trip games they would put these
super super far-out wacky titles on him
so we wanted to honor that for this game
in America so that's where we get this
really weird name now we just got a
glimpse of commander video running in
the menu screen there is that possibly
one of the artists etic stick we're
going to see in a level we probably
won't go that far so that meant that the
art styles basically to kind of tie
people into the old bit.trip style a bit
and that's just for menus and cutscenes
cool
[Music]
working some ducking in picking up a
mysterious key so we also have sort of
like these unlockable let's see if I can
find it
we have unlockable paths so it's
diverging paths and back flips back and
loop-de-loop rupee loops and some levels
have coins of which you can purchase new
outfits for commander video or playable
characters there's a coin right there
are now in the commander video has made
up some appearances outside of the
bit.trip series I super meatboy note
comes to mind are some of those
characters that we saw is from b-boy
coming over to Commander videos house to
play I don't know about that we're
probably going to keep it pretty pretty
slim on external characters I'm gonna
get another level really so when you say
other characters you other characters
you guys are creating crossover game
yeah but the characters that we are
having in this game we're we're debating
making other games with some of the
characters because they're just so
unbelievably ridiculous and you know
there's a we're thinking about an our
next game might be called wet part
cheeseburger so we don't know yet
there's all kinds of weird stuff going
on and now I'm going to be thinking
about what kind of game you could
possibly make with a name like wet part
cheeseburger for the rest of the day
thanks Mike
absolutely if you folks have any ideas
about what a wet part cheeseburger game
looks like bitter you know not not too
graphic I guess chairman the comments
we'd love to hear them I love the arm as
well they will get back to gaijin games
that may influence the future
development absolutely I guarantee it
actually
thank you very much absolutely we're
happy to help and contribute to the
creative process here there's nothing
more creative than a webpart
cheeseburger
oh there's one of those coins that look
like I keep on it's hard to play
sideways it absolutely is all right Mike
this has been a real awesome looking
runner - awesome art style new adventure
for commander video when can folks get
their hands on this we are hoping for a
December release all right we're looking
forward hopefully at the end of the year
we'll get to see this and maybe even
some more news on wet bar change burger
hopefully actually I guarantee it
thanks a lot Mike have a good show thank
you very much
[Music]